Copy Deck for Bootstrap to WordPress
HOME PAGE
—
How You Can Boost Your Income
Whether you’re a freelance designer, entrepreneur, employee for a company, code hobbyist, or looking for a new career — this course gives you an immensely valuable skill that will enable you to either:
Make Money on The Side
So you can save up for that Hawaiian vacation you’ve been wanting, help pay off your debt, your car, your mortgage, or simply just to have bonus cash laying around.
Create a Full-Time Income
WordPress developers have options. Many developers make a generous living off of creating custom WordPress themes and selling them on websites like ThemeForest. Freelance designers and developers can also take on WordPress projects and make an extra $1,000 - $5,000+ per month.
—
Who Should Take This Course?
Graphic & Web Designers
Graphic designers are extremely talented, but ask them to code their designs and they’ll freeze up! This leaves them with no other choice but to hire a web developer. Any professional graphic designers knows web developers can be expensive.
If you’re a designer, learning to code your own WordPress websites can change your business entirely! Now, not only are you a great designer, but you’re a skillful developer, too! This puts you in a position to make an extra $1,000 – $5,000 per project.
Entrepreneurs
Entrepreneurs have big dreams, and in many cases, shoestring budgets. In order to survive in the cut-throat world of the Startup company, it’s a necessity to have a world-class website. However, world-class websites come with a large price tag.
If you can learn how to build a high-quality startup website by yourself, then you’ve just saved yourself a lot of cash, tens of thousands of dollars in many cases.
Employees
Any company knows the education & training of their employees is key to a thriving team.
Depending on the type of company you work for, if you understand how to code, and can develop CMS driven websites, that gives you negotiating power for a better position, or a higher salary.
Code Hobbyists
It’s fun to learn challenging new skills. Code hobbyists can add dynamic websites to their arsenal of tools to play with — you can even sell WordPress themes and plugins for cash! The possibilities are truly endless.
People Looking for a New Career
Are you out of work? Looking for a more rewarding job? Desire a career that can allow you to work almost anywhere in the world? Becoming a Web Developer might be the answer for you.
Web developers are paid well, anywhere from $33,000 to more than $105,000 per year. They get to work at amazing companies that are changing the world, or they enjoy the ability to start their own companies, become location-independent and work from home, from coffee shops, in an airplane, on the beach, or wherever they want!
—
Course Features
Lifetime access to 80+ lectures
10+ hours of HD video content
30-day money back guarantee
Access to a community of like-minded students
Direct access to the instructor
Accessible content on your mobile devices
—
Final Project Features
Throughout this entire course, you work towards building an incredibly beautiful website. Want to see the website you are going to build? You're looking at it! The website you're using right now is the website you will have built entirely by yourself, by the end of this course.
Sexy & Modern Design
You get to work with a modern, professional quality design & layout.
Quality HTML5 & CSS3
You'll learn how hand-craft a stunning website with valid, semantic and beautiful HTML5 & CSS3.
Easy-to-use CMS
Allow your clients to easily update their websites by converting your static websites to dynamic websites, using WordPress.
—
Your Instructor
Brad Hussey
A highly skilled professional, Brad Hussey is a passionate and experienced web designer, developer, blogger and digital entrepreneur.
Hailing from North Of The Wall (Yellowknife, Canada), Brad made the trek to the Wet Coast (Vancouver, Canada) to educate and equip himself with the necessary skills to become a spearhead in his trade of solving problems on the web, crafting design solutions, and speaking in code. Brad's determination and love for what he does has landed him in some pretty interesting places with some neat people. He's had the privilege of working with, and providing solutions for, numerous businesses, big & small, across the Americas. Brad builds custom websites, and provides design solutions for a wide-array of clientele at his company, Brightside Studios. He regularly blogs about passive income, living your life to the fullest, and provides premium quality web design tutorials and courses for tens of thousands of amazing people desiring to master their craft.
—
RESOURCES PAGE
—
Welcome to the Bootstrap to WordPress resources page! On this page, I will provide you with useful resources, plugins, tools, applications, and websites to help make your life as a coder a little bit easier. I recommend adding this page to your bookmarks for convenient future reference.
Please keep in mind that some of the following resources are my affiliate links, and should you decide to make a purchase, I will earn a small commission — at no extra cost to you! I am recommending these resources only because I have found them to be incredibly helpful. Don’t spend your money on any products or resources unless you think they will benefit you.
Justhost
When I made my very first website about 7 years ago, I signed up with Justhost — and I’ve never looked back! Since then, I’ve built hundreds of websites with Justhost as my only hosting provider. I recommend these guys to all of my clients, my students, my family and friends.
If you’re looking to start your very first website, or are looking for a reliable hosting provider — look no further. You get a free domain name for life, great customer service, unlimited domains, unlimited email accounts, unlimited GBs of space, an anytime money back guarantee and my favourite part: You can set up a blog website in minutes with 1-click WordPress Install. These guys are awesome!
Coda 2
If you’re serious about coding, or you want to start out with a solid tool to code with, I strongly recommend Coda 2 for Mac. A beautiful User Interface with tabbed navigation, a super sidebar, and a simple layout. The features are outrageous and extensive, with code folding, smart complete, auto indentation, GIT integration, a built-in terminal, iCloud support — to name a few. The features seem to be endless.
I use Coda 2 for all of my courses & tutorials, and if you decide to use Coda 2 as your editor of choice, it would greatly benefit you when taking my courses. The price of the editor weighs in at $75, but it’s worth every penny — in my honest opinion.
Dropbox
This tool should go without saying. But if I have to explain — you need this tool. I use it 24/7 — literally. Dropbox is where I store my personal & business related data. It’s accessible anywhere, and regularly backs up my important information.
Because my data is accessible anywhere, Dropbox allows me to work on a client project at home, on the bus, in a coffee shop, or at a friend’s house. It’s truly a gem of a tool, and I think you’ll believe me.
